Fix some minor mistakes in LIPs 0040, 0041, and 0065 (#181)
LiskHQ/lips: proposals/lip-0037.md

|---------------------------------|-------|----------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `MESSAGE_TAG_TRANSACTION`       | bytes | "LSK_TX_" as ASCII-encoded literal                 | Message tag for signing transaction with serialization specified in [LIP "Define New Transaction Schema"](https://research.lisk.com/t/define-new-transaction-schema/348/15).         |
| `MESSAGE_TAG_BLOCK_HEADER`      | bytes | "LSK_BH_" as ASCII-encoded literal                 | Message tag for signing block headers with serialization specified in [LIP 0055](https://github.com/LiskHQ/lips/blob/main/proposals/lip-0055.md#unsigned-block-header-json-schema).  |

> | `MESSAGE_TAG_MULTISIG_REG`      | bytes | "LSK_RMSG_" as ASCII-encoded literal               | Message tag for the signatures contained in the [register multisignature command](https://github.com/LiskHQ/lips/blob/main/proposals/lip-0041.md#RegisterMultisignatureGroup). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `MESSAGE_TAG_MULTISIG_REG`      | bytes | "LSK_RMS_" as ASCII-encoded literal               | Message tag for the signatures contained in the [register multisignature command](https://github.com/LiskHQ/lips/blob/main/proposals/lip-0041.md#RegisterMultisignature). |
```
